Or pick up the check
Take this bottle of medicine
Do as I say.
or
I'll sue you
Congratulations to Uncle Li
You just made a very correct result.
Teachers Chen
My idea
Not bad, it's up to you at the critical moment
That's right.
You say that bottle of potion is really that amazing?
That's our family, but it's a family of traditional Chinese medicine.
That bottle of poisonous potion needs to be soaked in that batch.
But someone always wears clothes made of that batch
Light is too much
Heavy will say
Fine. I'll see what happens.
Sister Aqiu's clothing design drafts
Please confirm it finally.
Submit to production
Start making today
late autumn minister
This is the physical clothing of major shopping malls.
Electronic product predetermined quantity expression signature
Minister Dong Qiu
There is an old man who calls himself Jiangsu Zhenxiong
meet by name
Fourth grandpa, why are you here?
I also bully people
Fourth grandpa is cornered
Please help me!